fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/homework.md

title: HOMEWORK
images:
  - src: homework_day3019.jpeg
    alt: Group of people holding red and black umbrellas standing together in the rain on wet pavement
  - src: yes_no_9-3.jpg
    alt: Large group of people standing and gathering in front of projection screen displaying other people engaged in discussion
  - src: img_5146.jpg

>     alt: Group of people from behind with arms raised in celebration on elevated outdoor space with city buildings visible in background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Group of people from behind with arms raised in celebration outdoors with city buildings visible in background
```
